I want you to be my VP you solution to
my problem CEO of a large company I have
been Secretary of Defense I have been
the chief of staff the vice presidency
is mostly a symbolic job right right I
can see how that wouldn't be enticing to
you
however the vice presidency is also
defined by the president if we were to
come to a different understanding Oh
[Music]
I listen the sense that you're a kinetic
leader you make decisions based on
instinct
I am people I said that yeah yeah very
different very different from from your
father in that regard now maybe I can
handle some of the more mundane jobs
overseeing bureaucracy managing military
energy foreign policy that sounds good
[Music]